Feeds and TSV (#79)
ecg-icas/icas: src/source/feed-details.rst

.. _feed-details:

Feed Fields
===========

> A set of required and optional fields defined by feed is listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of required and optional fields defined by a feed file are listed below.
```

:ref:`feed_t`                          product title                        see :ref:`feed_t`    yes
:ref:`feed_descr`                      product description                  :ref:`feed_descr`    yes       
:ref:`feed_categoryId`                 category identifier                  numeric, positive    yes       
:ref:`feed_status`                     desired status (default ACTIVE)      ACTIVE,PAUSED        no       
:ref:`feed_url`                        product URL                          max. 2048 chars      no        
:ref:`feed_vanityUrl`                  displayed URL                        max. 256 chars       no        
:ref:`feed_priceType`                  sales model for product              enum                 yes       
:ref:`feed_price`                      product price in cents if applicable positive integer     yes/no       
:ref:`feed_originalPrice`              original price before discount       positive integer     no        
\* :ref:`feed_media`                   product images                       :ref:`feed_media`    no
\* :ref:`feed_attr`                    collection of product attributes     :ref:`feed_attr`     no        

> \* :ref:`feed_budget`                  budget details                       :ref:`feed_budget`   no        

Reviewer: what's the `\*` for?

Author: We are consciously introducing some discrepancies between XML, and TSV, favouring what google does, or simplifying the structures. \* stresses that the name may not reflect the actual column/tag name to be used in file, but rather points to the section some concept. For example images in Xml are defined by path media -> image+, in TSV we use columns: image link, additional image link. I am open for any suggestions on how that could be improved.

Reviewer: hm, I see the problem. I'd make 2 separate tables for TSV and XML, which can refer to same explanation for most of the stuff, but could also point to separate explanation where TSV and XML differ. This way the 1st column of this table can keep the name as is in the TSV or XML, and for explanation you use the reference.

Perhaps splitting TSV/XML a bit more in the docs wouldn't hurt...
What do you think?

Author: I a bit reluctant to create 2 separate files as the first choice. It will create a lot of duplications in general/shared descriptions. I have made two lists dedicated to file formats for the start. Not perfect, but perhaps better than the split.

   it unchanged in our system. This also means we will **not** attempt to download the images and process them again.
   This is an optimisation that allows us to speed up processing significantly and cut down on calls to your image server.
   Any change in the ad (including it re-appearing in the feed if it wasn't present the previous time) will update the
   ad and trigger image re-processing.

.. collapse:: XML

    **vendorId** tag name is used to encapsulate **id**. 
    
    ========= ================================================
    Example:	
                
                .. code-block:: html
                        
                    <admarkt:vendorId>15839942</admarkt:vendorId>
    ========= ================================================

.. collapse:: TSV

    Stored in **id** column.
    
    ========= ================================================
     Example	
    
                .. code-block:: text
            
                    15839942
    ========= ================================================

| 

Restrictions:  Any non-empty string with a maximum length of 64 characters.

.. index:: externalId
.. _feed_externalId:

externalId
""""""""""

> Deprecated by vendorId

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated, replaced by vendorId
```

.. collapse:: XML

    .. warning::

        There is still an **externalId** field in the XSD, this field is replaced by **vendorId**.
        Please update your XML to reflect this change. This makes naming consistent between feeds and sellside API.
        The **vendorId** field in the feeds has the same meaning and constraints as the **vendorId** field in the
        sellside API.

.. collapse:: TSV

>     Not supported

Reviewer: 😮  why not?
